README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.js)|112 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.js)|132 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.js)|72 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.js)|92 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.js)|72 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).js)|80 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.js)|72 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.js)|84 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.js)|88 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.js)|145 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.js)|92 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.js)|80 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.js)|168 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.js)|80 ms|

Commit message:

34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array, 76 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.js)|112 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.js)|132 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.js)|72 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.js)|92 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.js)|76 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.js)|72 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).js)|80 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.js)|72 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.js)|84 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.js)|88 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.js)|145 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.js)|92 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.js)|80 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.js)|168 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.js)|80 ms|
